Trigger deprecation when no value is found in list and show. Throw exception in next major. (#6085)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE 3.x
===========

## Deprecated accessing to a non existing value when adding field to `showMapper` and `listMapper`.

Before:
```php

> $showMapper->add('notExistingField');
> $listMapper->add('notExistingField');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$showMapper->add('nonExistingField');
$listMapper->add('nonExistingField');
```

```

> Was displaying nothing in the list and the show views without any warning or error.

Reviewer 2: IMO, this statement is continuing the sentence which was started at "Before".
```suggestion
was displaying nothing in the list and the show views without any warning or error.
```

But
```php

> $formMapper->add('notExistingField');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$formMapper->add('nonExistingField');
```

```

> Was throwing an exception.

Reviewer 2: Same reasoning as above.
```suggestion
was throwing an exception.
```

> Was throwing an exeception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Was throwing an exception.
```

> In the next major:
> An exception will be thrown if no getter/isser/hasser is found for the property. Since most of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the next major an exception will be thrown if no getter/isser/hasser is found for the property. Since most of
```

> This will trigger an exception in order if no getter/isser/hasser is found for the property. Since most of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An exception will be thrown in order if no getter/isser/hasser is found for the property. Since most of
```
What do you mean with "in order"?

Author: Nothing, I changed the sentence afterward. Sorry, this update note was written too quickly... It should be better now.
